oh he's fresh Santa here and I'm gonna
very jolly mood okay I'm dumping a
taxing you guys always fresh apparel
here just you can see I'm dressed up as
Santa and you know what that means you
guys it's Christmas time I'm feeling
jolly today so you know what it's going
to be it's gonna be a Christmas mystery
box give away from always fresh Santa so
what you got to do I'm gonna tell you
how to enter right now in order to win
this contest you need to go through your
closet and pick out your freshest outfit
that you can think of be creative I'm
not just gonna judge on who has the most
expensive clothes I'm judging on who can
put together the most creative outfit
there is
once you have found the perfect outfit
that you want to put together you can do
one of two things to enter the contest
one either tweet me the picture of your
submission to my twitter at that's that
underscore you can also Instagram
the picture upload the picture to
instagram and tag me and that's that
underscore in the picture if you
already have an Instagram picture that
you think is best for the contest tag me
in that picture is what only one entry
per person once I get your submission I
will take a screenshot of your picture
either through Twitter or Instagram
after the two days in this contest have
expired I will get a panel of judges and
we will flip through each of the photos
and decide which person will win the
Christmas mystery box giveaway to
whoever wins I will message you asking
you for your sizes hat preferences etc I
will then begin to package the box with
a ton of gear ranging anywhere from
shirts two sweatshirts two hats two
bracelets to accessories anything so
please do not hesitate to take a picture
of yourself and enter into this giveaway
because I really want to give back to
you guys because you guys have given me
crazy support over the last couple
months since i am putting so much into
this box there is only going to be one
winner so starting right when this video
was posted you now have 48 hours to take
a picture and upload it so please get to
snap in those photos so i can send you
out some free gear thank you guys for
watching and remember to stay fresh my
friends
you
just call me always fresh Michael swear
it is we commit to it and put on it is
cuz it's a shadow in it okay wait now I
need
I can't really say
ha